Have a look.
It's me, a regular orthodox lady, shameless
Or you, the second sister-in-law who misses her uncle
More shameless
How dare you hit me?
The dog bit me! Can't I hit the dog?
Xia Ruyan
The court appointment is mine
You wait for me.
as said
Mom didn't prepare anything
10 million in this card
You take any flower
Mom, it's too expensive. I can't take it. Oops.
Mom, take it for you
What do you like?
From a small family like you
I've never seen so much money
In my opinion
You'd better take it
Go buy yourself some decent clothes to wear
You wear this grocery
If others find out
But it will reduce the style of the Lu family
I'm Lu Tingyue's wife
You don't need clothes to show your identity.
Mom Hee Hee and Xiao Ji are about to finish school
Ruyan and I will pick them up first
Go ahead.
Thank you just now.
You're my wife.
It is necessary to maintain you.
We are a cooperative relationship.
Don't move your mouth
You just said that it is inconvenient for your brother to come back.
What do you mean?
Did you have a cross with your brother?
Yes, it is inconvenient to go there.
It's inconvenient to say
I'm afraid it's because of the failure of being drugged 5 years ago
Although it has been 5 years
Why are you still unwilling to let the eldest brother's family come back?
Are you afraid that they will hurt Bai An'an again?